Updated dependencies and wrote an introductory README.md (#2)
freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec: README.md

# Free Code Camp - Applied InfoSec Challenges
=============================================

> This is the repository for the first 11 freeCodeCamp [Information Security with HelmetJS Challenges](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/information-security-and-quality-assurance/information-security-with-helmetjs/).  

Author: Here I used the exact phrasing of the Challenge Page itself, so I think this should stay as is.

For the challenges from the 12th on upwards, you have to clone [this one](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-bcrypt). 

If you haven't worked with **git** before, you might first want to read a few   

> [resources](http://try.github.io/) about it, or go the [Glitch](https://glitch.com/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[a bit](http://try.github.io/) about it, or try the [Glitch](https://glitch.com/) 
```

> way as described on the above mentioned challenge introduction page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
way as described on the challenge introduction page mentioned above.
```

> To clone this repository, go to a directory of your choice and run:

Reviewer: You should add a newline before and after each code block.

Author: Yip, that's right, gonna do.

Author: #done

> To clone this Repository, go to a directory of your choice and enter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clone this repository, go to a directory of your choice and run:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

This adds syntax highlighting to the code block, which looks a bit better.

git clone https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec.git
cd boilerplate-infosec
```

> But to be able to import it in Glitch or the coding platform of your choice,  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be able to import your local clone to Glitch (or any other coding platform of your choice),  
```

> you have to [create your own Repository on GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-new-repository/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have to [create your own repository on GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-new-repository/).
```

> But before you are able to push to it, you have to remove the remote origin of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to push to it, you have to remove the remote `origin`
```

> freeCodeCamp,   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

rename the "gomix" branch to "master" and delete the gomix branch

> to have a clutter free Repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to have a clutter-free repository:
```

> to have a clutter-free repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(to have a clutter-free repository):
```

> ```

Reviewer: Same goes here - language hint and newlines.

Author: Please read about my comment on language hints below; to the newlines I agree.

git remote remove origin
git branch -m master
git branch -d gomix
```

> Then follow the steps outlined in **...or push an existing repository from the command line**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then follow the steps outlined in the **Quick setup** screen (you could also push to some other existing repository from the command line):
```

> on the **Quick setup** screen, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
git remote add origin git@github.com:<yourname>/<your_repository>.git
git push -u origin master
```

> Now you should have a fully functional Repository you can import to a coding platform.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you should have a fully functional repository you can import to any coding platform.
```

> But to develop locally, there is one more step necessary, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to develop locally, there is one more step necessary. Run:
```

```

> npm install

Reviewer: You should use an [inline code-block](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#code) in this case, since there is only one command to run which is fairly short.

Author: Moved this to it's own block on purpose, because it's one of the most important steps and StackOverflow is "cluttered" by questions like "why is {insert dependency} not found".

Reviewer: In that case, you could make the code-block even more noticeable by adding `**Important:** ...` to  the beginning of the sentence.

Author: #done

```

Don't forget to commit and push your changes after each challenge step (and, 
depending on your coding platform      

> of choice, reimport it there), so freeCodeCamp is able to test your results!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of choice, reimport it there), so that freeCodeCamp is able to test your results!  
```
